2 fa docs (#390)
supertokens/docs: v2/mfa/second-factor.mdx

                    // highlight-start
                    if (input.userContext.session !== undefined) {
                        /**
                        * This will be true for the second factor login.
                        * So instead of creating a new session, we return the already existing one.
                        */
                        return input.userContext.session;
                    }
                    // highlight-end
                    return originalImplementation.createNewSession({
                        ...input,
                        accessTokenPayload: {
                            ...input.accessTokenPayload,
                            phoneNumberVerified: false
                        },
                    });
                },
            };
        },
    },
})
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="go">
TODO
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="python">
TODO
</TabItem>
</BackendSDKTabs>

## 4) Verifying the phone number that the OTP is being sent to

By default, the Passwordless API for sending an OTP (`createCodePOST`) sends the OTP to the input phone number, and if we don't modify that, the attack below is be possible:

> - Bob (user) signs up using a weak password and their phone number.
> - Alice (attacker) successfully guesses Bob's password, and queries the OTP sending API manually, to inject her phone number for the second factor auth.
> - OTP is sent to Alice's phone number and she can pass the second factor challenge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alice (user) signs up using a weak password and their phone number.
- Mallory (attacker) successfully guesses Alice's password and queries the OTP sending API manually, to inject her phone number for the second factor auth.
- OTP is sent to Mallory's phone number and she can pass the second factor challenge.
```
